(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
Whoa! Is that
Astral World?
Quinton and Kite did it!
They got me here!
Hey!
What are you doing here, Dumon?
Reginald Kastle, your real
name is Nash and you are
one of the seven
Barian Emperors.
Who are you?
My name is Enna.
Please, share your life
force with this boy.
He needs you.
Okay.
Here goes.
Just like this?
How'd I do that?
There is a spark within you that
no longer exists on this world.
Where'd it go?
Long ago the people of Astral
World saw this spark,
this chaos energy as
something dangerous.
By purging ourselves of
this energy, we lost part
of ourselves and now our
planet is suffering.
If our world is to have
a chance, you must free
Astral before he is erased.
Astral!
All right!
I found you at last!
Now I 'm bustin" '
you out of here,
so let's get going!
(Eliphas)
You are not
going anywhere.
You're...
I am the Guardian
of Astral World.
Those that I protect
call me Eliphas.
Well listen up,
Astral's coming with me!
No, he is not.
Why?
Astral was born with
a twin purpose:
to destroy Barian World and
to guide our world towards
its destiny of
evolving its power.
Your chaos energy has infected
him and he has been tainted.
He is no longer pure.
He must be erased.
Free my friend now, Eliphas,
or face the consequences!
I will not let Astral
leave this world.
Then let's duel!
Here are my terms.
Win and he goes free.
Lose and you do not!
Okay, fine!
You got it!
Let us duel!
Let's duel!
I wield the power to choose
the very cards I will draw!
Uh-oh...
I hope this isn't
what I think it is.
Tremble before the power
of Shining Draw!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
You have the power
of Shining Draw!
That is right.
Now tremble as your
defeat draws near.
I activate the spell
Rank-Up Advantage!
And it is going to give me
a great advantage when I play
this spell next!
Rank-Up-Magic
Astral Force!
Your pitiful odds of winning
this duel and leaving with
Astral are dropping
even lower, Yuma!
Watch as my Etheric Anubis
ranks up by two!
Oh man, it's gonna
be a Rank 6 now.
I overlay my Rank 4
Etheric Anubis!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Now arise!
New Order 6!
Etheric Apophis!
Having summoned an Xyz Monster
using Rank-Up-Magic,
Rank-Up Advantage's effect
activates allowing me to
draw a card from my deck!
With the power of Shining Draw
it will be just what I want.
Then I activate Etheric
Apophis' special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
your monster sinks
to a new low.
Utopia's attack
points dropped!
Etheric Apophis attack Utopia!
Not so fast!
Utopia's special ability
stops your attack!
Wrong! Due to Rank-Up
Advantage's effect,
Utopia's special abilities
are all negated.
No sweat!
Cuz I can play this...
Half Unbreak!
This trap saves Utopia
from destruction!
And not only that, I only
take half the damage
from Etheric Apophis!
So be it.
Next time I promise you
will not be so fortunate.
Nash, I've come to help you.
To awaken your
true self.
What?
The truth about who you
and your sister are
has been buried deep
within your mind.
I possess the power that can
help uncover the mystery
of your past.
And now Nash, it's time to
learn who you really are
and take the throne as
the leader of the Barians!
This is where
I dueled Abyss, right?
That is correct my friend.
The visions you saw during that
duel were of your former life.
It is time for you to revisit
your past so that you
can unlock your future.
You must do this...
for Barian World!
(Yuma)
Eliphas has me
on the ropes.
He has an answer
for every move I make.
So far he's been able to
think of a card and draw it.
How am I supposed to be
able to beat that?
I see you are growing
more and more panicked as
the inevitable truth sinks in.
There is no chance for
you to win this duel.
The power of Shining Draw
assures me of two things:
that I have already won, and
that Astral's fate is sealed.
Saving your friend
is impossible.
The damage you
caused is irreversible.
The seed of darkness you see is
the mark of your chaos energy.
It will grow, spreading
quickly throughout his body,
fully consuming him,
leaving nothing but
a shell of his former self.
That can't be.
You're wrong.
Astral's a fighter!
He's stronger than you think,
he can beat anything!
Do not fool yourself.
Astral will not overcome
the darkness within him.
No one will.
You may be under the
impression that you
helped Enna and the others,
but you in fact have sentenced
them all to share Astral's fate.
You see, the beings of
Astral World cannot house
the Chaos Energy within them.
The power you shared is
a virus that will weaken
and decay them from within.
That's not true!
When I first saw Enna,
her friends looked
in real bad shape.
I helped by sharing this
"Chaos Energy" with them.
And now, they're totally
feelin' the flow!
Ah, yes, "feeling the flow"
the words of a fool.
Your father's words.
He too was blinded by chaos.
If you know where my dad is,
you better tell me right now!
I wish I knew of
his whereabouts,
for he must be held accountable
for his interference.
Kazuma's meddling is what
sent Astral to your world
so he would meet you.
Astral would never have been
tainted by your chaos energy
if we had not been
betrayed by your father!
My dad wouldn't
do anything bad.
He must have had a reason!
Regardless of the reason,
we are still reeling from the
effects of his reckless actions.
See for yourself.
The very fact that you are
here is testament to that.
Enna!
What are you gonna do to her?
She didn't do anything wrong.
I cannot allow those
who have been infected
by chaos to roam free.
That is why I must defeat
you here and now.
I cannot risk you hurting any
more of the people I am here
to serve and protect.
You will fall before me!
Don't be so sure!
You might be relying on the
power of Shining Draw to win
this duel, but two can
play at that game!
Do not be so certain.
The reason you have been able
tap into the power of Shining
Draw was all due to Astral.
Without him, you are nothing.
Oh, yeah?
Well Astral's the one who
helped me build this deck!
And tapping into that deck
is in the cards for me.
Because I'm so
feeling the flow!
My turn! I draw!
Yes! All right!
Get set to get decked Eliphas!
I'm activating the spell card,
Rank-Up-Magic
Numeron Force!
It cannot be.
You better believe it is!
This card negates the
effects of all face up cards
on the field for this turn!
But that's not all!
It also turns my Utopia
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
Utopia, what do you say we
turns things up a notch?
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray Victory!
I activate Utopia Ray
Victory's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
your Etheric Apophis'
attack points
are added to
Utopia Ray Victory's!
Victory Charge!
How dare you bring
chaos into this duel?
Utopia Ray Victory!
Attack with Rising Sun
Double Victory Slash!
All right!
Way to slice and
dice Utopia Ray!
I activate the trap
Ascension Spiral!
By banishing Etheric
Apophis from my graveyard,
I am allowed to summon an Xyz
Monster 2 Ranks higher than
the monster that was banished.
I summon my Rank 8 New Order...
Etheric Sebek!
Whoa! He ranked
up again?
Yes, that is correct.
You see, duels are fought and
won this way in Astral World.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Astral Force's effect
from the graveyard.
Instead of drawing
a card this turn,
I can return
Astral Force to my hand.
Oh no, he can use a Rank Up
Magic card against me!
Yes and now I activate
Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force
once again!
My monster will further
evolve into greatness!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
I summon New Order 10
Etheric Horus!
I activate Rank-Up
Advantage's effect!
And it is sure to squash
the last remnants of hope
in your heart.
Since I summoned an Xyz Monster
using Rank-Up-Magic, I draw one
card and with the might
of Shining Draw,
I drew the very card
I need a second Astral Force!
Oh, no, come on,
not another one!
I activate Astral Force to bring
out the epitome of perfection!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
I summon, New Order 12
Etheric Mahees!
Whoa, this guy doesn't quit!
He keeps powering
up his monsters!
Rank-Up Advantage
lets me draw a card!
Victory will soon be mine.
Because when I activate Etheric
Maahes' special ability,
all its Overlay Units
revert back into monsters,
creating an unstoppable army!
So come back to the field,
Etheric Sebek and Horus!
He has three Xyz monsters!
Could this possibly
get any worse?
The answer is yes.
I activate Rank Domination!
Now only Xyz Monsters
can attack,
starting with the monster
with the lowest Rank.
Behold your target, my Sebek!
Attack Utopia Ray Victory!
I activate Utopia Ray
Victory's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains attack points equal
to Sebek's attack points.
Then I will counter your move
with Rank Domination's effect!
When our monsters battle,
the one with the lower Rank
loses attack points equal to
the difference in their Ranks,
multiplied by 1,000.
Your Utopia Ray Victory
is Rank 5.
My Sebek is Rank 8,
so the difference is 3.
Utopia Ray Victory's loses
3,000 attack points!
And now, go Sebek!
Sink your teeth into
Utopia Ray Victory!
You'll never destroy it!
Only a Number can
destroy a Number!
That may be true but you will
soon learn in this duel,
Numbers are quite powerless.
Say what?
Etheric Horus
prepare to strike!
Rank Domination's effect now
activates, reducing your
Utopia Ray Victory's
attack points by 5,000!
Uh-oh!
The stage has been
set Etheric Horus!
Attack Utopia Ray Victory!
Barian World?
Yes.
It is unclear how you and Marin
got from our home
to this world,
but that does not matter.
What is important is for you
to fully realize everything
about your true self.
(Shark) I'm back.
Do not fret my brother.
I will offer up my
own soul to Abyss.
No!
Rio!
Abyss Splash was
the key to my victory!
Now we must regroup!
(Rio)
Now our people
will be unharmed.
Rio...
My friend...
I am so sorry.
Rio...
Rio!
Vector! Vengeance
will be mine!
I will not rest until you and
your armies fall before me.
This I promise!
I will get payback
for my sister!
Prepare to strike!
Show no mercy!
Lay waste to everything!
Forward! Victory
is ours!
After him! He must
not escape!
Vector! I will
hunt you down!
He was here.
Sadly, yes.
Vector knows no mercy.
He will not stop
his destructive ways.
We must put a stop to him.
Rio...
I may be banged-up,
but I'm not beaten!
Not yet.
But that time draws near.
Sorry, no chance!
I'm gonna win this duel
and rescue Astral!
You will not succeed.
And your friend will very
soon vanish from existence.
Then he will be reborn.
What does that mean?
The Astral you know
will be no more.
His memories of you
will no longer exist.
All he will know is his mission
to destroy Barian World.
That can't be!
He'd never forget
our times together!
I won't let you
take that away!
Try as you might, victory
will not be yours.
The end is here!
Now go, Etheric Maahes!
Attack Utopia Ray Victory!
Rank Domination's
effect activates!
Since the Rank difference
between Utopia Ray Victory
and Etheric Maahes is seven...
Utopia Ray Victory loses
7,000 attack points!
Zero attack points!
What am I gonna do now?
That is quite simple.
What you will do is
lose this duel!
This can't be it!
Can it?
No! Astral!
Oh, no!
Yuma's in trouble!
♪ ♪